
Q: How do I apply for a programme in NOUN
A. Read procedure for application by logging on to www.noun.edu.ng  and click on Procedure for Online Application or use this linkhttp://www.noun.edu.ng/Procedure.html.
Q: I want to know the admission requirements for me to study a course in NOUN
A. Read admission requirements on this link: http://www.nou.edu.ng/noun/announcements/admission_advert2011.html OR log on to www.nou.edu.ng,  and click on Public, click on Instruction for 2011 Application
Q: My O' level results in science subjects are complete but don't know what programme to go for.
A: Click on the link below: http://www.nou.edu.ng/noun/announcements/admission_advert2011.html, to check the admission requirement for School of Science & Technology.
Q: I have complete science o' level subject except 'Physics', what is my fact in NOUN?
A: Go for Access Programme. Click this link: http://www.nou.edu.ng/noun/announcements, to know more about Access Programmes.
Q: I have a personal academic need that i want to relay to a counsellor.
A: Chat with a counsellor on this link: .......
Q: I am a mature fellow with years of experience but defficient in o'level subjects, how can i come in in NOUN?
A: Chat with a counsellor on this link: .......
Q: Which Bank do I make payment? And what are the account numbers?
A: • Zenith Bank; Account Number: 8080100669
   • Oceanic Bank; Account Number: 0011201014775
   • Skye Bank Plc; Account Number: 1361790017208
   • First City Monument Bank; Account No: 0692050676806001
Q: How much is a course material?
A: Click on the link below: Or Visit www.nou.edu.ng , Click on  News Update, then click on Payment Schedule for NOUN Students.  You can as well  your study center for fees not found on this page http://www.nou.edu.ng/noun/announcements/schedulepay.html
Q: How Long does NOUN Programmes Take?
A: Visit your study center or nearest study center for confirmation depending on the programme you are running with NOUN.Instructions for completing Application Form
<p>

<b>APPLICATION FOR 2015/2016 ADMISSION</b>
This is to inform all prospective applicants that the sale of forms for admission into the National Open University of Nigeria has commenced.
In order to alleviate the problems being encountered by prospective applicants, the University, in consultation with the designated banks and other stakeholders in the admission process, wishes to advise prospective students to visit the NOUN Study Centre nearest to them for detailed information and explanations on the procedure for application for admission. For the purposes of clarity and emphasis, the Ten steps to successful admission are as follows:
Procedure for Online Application for Admission into NOUN<br>
Steps:<br>
1.     Walk into any of the participating banks:<br>
       - Access Bank Plc	<br>
       - Afribank Nigeria Plc<br>
       - First City Monument Bank<br>	
       - Guaranty Trust Bank<br>
       - Ecobank	Skye Bank<br>
       - Spring Bank	Sterling Bank<br>
       - UBA	Union Bank<br>
       - Zenith Bank	WEMA Bank<br>
2.     Pay for NOUN application form (please specify that payment is for application form).<br>
3.     Obtain a NOUN Teller and the Transaction reciept, specially designed for NOUN for the purpose of admission.<br>
4.     This Transaction reciept has two numbers: Transaction Reference Numbers and Pin Numbers.<br>
5.     Go to a cyber café or anywhere you can have an internet access.<br>
6.     Click on www.application.nou.edu.ng to go straight to the application form.<br>
7.     Use your Reference Number and Pin Numbers (as contained in the Transaction reference Documents obtained )</p>

Q: Please explain what NOUN I-LEARN is.
A: NOUN I-LEARN is the new e-learning portal of the National Open University of Nigeria. It is specially designed to make your learning exciting and well rounded. Through NOUN I-LEARN, you can interact with lecturers, ask question and get answers, meet and discuss with other students, download course materials and increase your network.
Q: How do I login to my account?
A: Go to the login page (www.nounilearn.edu.ng). If you are logging in for the first time, click the “First Time User” bar on the login page. Create your profile by entering your matriculation number. Return to login page and sign in with your matric number or email address and enter your password.
Q: I can’t log in.
A: This could result from issues ranging from poor internet connection, or you’re yet to create your profile before attempting to log in, or wrong log in information. Check to confirm you do not have problems with these possible reasons. If you still can’t log in, contact support. (support@nounI-LEARN.com, 0700 NOUN I-LEARN)
Q: How do I edit my profile?
A: To edit your profile, click on the “Edit profile” button on the home page (dash board) and edit as you please. You can also edit your profile by clicking on your name at the top right hand corner of the homepage (dash board) A drop down list will appear showing “My Profile, Account Settings and Log Out”. Click on “My Profile” to edit. Please note that you cannot edit your name, matriculation number or email address on NOUN I-LEARN. If you need to edit any of these for any reason, go to your registration portal on www.noun.edu.ng, and it will take effect on the ILEARN portal.
Q: Can I edit my phone number?
A: Yes. Click on your name at the top right hand corner of the homepage (dash board). A drop down list will appear showing “My Profile, Account Settings and Log Out”. Click on “Account Settings”. You’ll be taken to a “General Account Settings” page where you’ll find three icons: “General, Privacy and Mobile & Notification”. Click on “Mobile & Notification” to edit your phone number. You may also edit your notification status.
Q: How do I change my picture?
A: To change picture, click on the “Change Avatar” button on the home page (dash board), upload a new picture and save. Note that you can edit your picture from a mobile device as well.
Q: How do I create a “to-do” list?
A: Click on the “Home” button on the site navigation menu, click on the “My dashboard” link and scroll down to the bottom of the dashboard. Click on the pencil icon to create a new “to-do” list.



Q. I need to know the Payment breakdown
A. Click on the link below: Or Visit www.nou.edu.ng , Click on  News Update, then click on Payment Schedule for NOUN Students. http://www.nou.edu.ng/noun/announcements/schedulepay.html
Q. I am a student/applicant  I forgot my password, how do I get it back?
A. Click on forgot password link, enter your Matric Number/Application form number; your password will be displayed to you online immediately and at the same time send a copy to your email address.
Q. I am now married or due to one reason or the other I want to add/remove/change my name
A. Apply for change of name  through your study center  and hold on while it is being processed. All such cases are collated in batches and directed to the appropriate channel for verification before reflecting in your new profile on this portal
Q. I want to change my password
A. We are still working on that part of the portal, you may not be able to do that for now
Q. If I graduate in NOUN, will NYSC mobilize me for the 1 Year compulsory Youth Service Scheme?
A: What Level are you? Check your current level, if not correct lodge the complaint through your study center for change of Level and hold on while it is being processed. All such cases are collated in batches and directed to the appropriate channel for verification before reflecting in your new profile on this portal
Q: My Current level is not correct or  is showing Zero (0)
A: Lodge the complaint through your study center for change of Level and hold on while it is being processed. All such cases are collated in batches and directed to the appropriate channel for verification before reflecting in your new profile on this portal
Q: I mistakenly register for a course, I want to drop it
A: Apply for Drop Course through your study center and hold on while it is being processed. All such cases are collated in batches and directed to the appropriate channel for verification before reflecting in your new profile on this portal
Q: My date of birth is not correct on the new portal
A: Apply for change of Date of Birth through your study center and hold on while it is being processed. All such cases are collated in batches and directed to the appropriate channel for verification before reflecting in your new profile on this portal
Q: The portal is rejecting my matric number
A: Try signup as a first timer on this new portal, log on to www.noun.edu.ng click on  returning students and read all the information on the page carefully OR click directly on this link http://www.noun.edu.ng/Signon.aspx  to signup and later sign in with your supplied information. Matric NO. and Password as required on the portal. If Problem persist  email tosupport@noun.edu.ng.
Q: I am trying to sign-up as an Applicant; the system is telling me password not match
A: Enter the same password in the first and second password box, it is for verification purpose
Q: My TMAs are missing
A: Lodge the complaint through your study center and hold on while it is being processed. All such cases are collated in batches and directed to the appropriate channel for verification before reflecting in your new profile on this portal
